In this document, the engineering student was supposed to learn how to use Arduino to send HTTP requests to a server to report the states of three LEDs in their circuit to a webpage. Also the studnet was to create an Arduino sketch that sends an HTTP request with a JSON body to an API to set the desired state of the light switches on a webpage.
First the Circuit was to be connected with three LEDs to digital output pins on the ESP32 board with the use of a 330 ohms  resistor for each LED to limit the current and prevent damage to the LEDs. The API has already been built and can be accessed at the following URL in the lab document. The tster site was given and we was allowed to view the state of each LED. The site should allow the user to see the current state of your circuit after the LED states have been changed. 
 The assigned username in the top left corner of the webpage was noted. This is a unique identifier and should be included in my PUT requests to the API as an API key.This ensures that each person is able to control their own instance of the webpage.Create a two dimensional array that contains the desired state of the LEDs. 
The two dimensional array should should allow my three LEDs to flash in the order of a 3 bit binary counter.Use a for loop to iterate through your array to digitally write the the desired state of each LED.
The PUT request was be made after the states of all three LEDs are set and pause for at least 2 seconds after each request.
In this lab i learn how to use Arduino to send HTTP requests to a server to report the states of three LEDs in their circuit to a webpage with the use of unique key identifier i can be able to change the state of each led. 